you
yes chatsworth they've just come in
caraga refused to talk he tried to kill
us as soon as we arrived you can't be
serious slimy murdering filth will blast
that palace of his durable I don't that
will be necessary you didn't let grog I
escaped did you we had no choice he
wouldn't back down we did find one clue
carrabba's personal data key Sola take a
look see if he can use this to access
caraga systems hi sir hmm these maps
show outside incursions into hot space
from some unknown force 15 and all they
lost a lot of ground in the cartel
attacks regard several expansions they
were replacing territory they lost to
some other enemy these attackers may
have started with the Hutt but they
could be a threat to anyone even honest
I suspect you're right master Jedi we
need more information much more it's
strange there's no real information on
the attackers anywhere in the data just
a name the dread masters oh and blazes
are the dread masters that's all i can
find sir whoever they are they're
dangerous none of the Hutt fleet sent to
fight them reported back I'll have the
SIS investigate immediately we must
learn everything we can about these
dread masters once we do you'll be the
first people I contact
you can always count on us I can't thank
you enough the Republic owes you a
tremendous debt stay safe and be ready
for my next call then a pleasure all of
you